Thank you for applying to our company.
We have unfortunately decided
not to hire you at this time.
Notification of Employment Results
Maika, I'm coming in.
It's time for dinner.
Wh-What's wrong? Why do you have
such a scary, um... worried look?
So you didn't get this job either, huh?
Apparently,
they didn't like the look in my eyes.
Maika...
You want a part-time job
so you can afford to study abroad, right?
Then why don't you talk to Dad about it?
No! I want to go with the money
I've earned myself!
Otherwise,
even if I go over there,
I don't think I can do anything by myself.
I see.
It'll be all right.
I'm sure you'll be able to find
a decent job, Maika.
Onee-san...
I'll do my best!
Come here.
Where did you come from?
I'm gonna miss my train!
TRAIN WILL ARRIVE LATE.
Wh-Why?
RUMBLE
Why does this happen when I'm in a rush
to get to a job interview?
It's just one station over, though,
so I'll run instead!
Just in case...
These are fake, but they'll camouflage
the menacing look in my eyes.
I'm sorry!
E-E-E-E-Excuse me!
Oh, it's fine.
A girl with black hair...
Silky blond hair!
I wonder if he's from another country!
Something good might happen today!
FIRST TIME
sadist
Another flop of a job interview...
Looks like the glasses didn't work
as camouflage.
Is it all because of this look in my eye?
Hey, what do you think that girl's doing?
What is that?
Moe...
I found her!
Manager!
This girl is my destiny!
If I could get my eyes
to droop a little more...
Um, excuse me!
Yes?
I love you!
Nooo!
I'm sorry.
I startled you.
My nose always bleeds when I'm excited.
No, it's my fault.
I apologize for making hideous faces
in your window.
Manager!
Weren't you going to tell her something?
Th-That's right! I knew it
as soon as I laid eyes on you!
I love you!
Won't you work here
as a precursor to going out with me?
That's not it!
Y-You're willing to hire me?
That's your question?
Yes, please!
Right now, I need
someone like you on staff!
I'm touched! I've been looking
for a part-time job for the longest time!
But it would be
dealing with customers, right?
I have a naturally scary look
in my eyes, so is that all right?
SHIVER                      SHIVER
What are you talking about?
Those are amazing eyes!
They give me the shivers!
The shivers?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Lovely!
Cute! That looks great on you!
Oh, thank you.
Oh, that's right!
We haven't introduced ourselves yet!
I'm Hinata Kaho.
I'm the hostess. Nice to meet you!
Akizuki Kouyou. Kitchen staff.
Good to meet you.
I'm...
Dino!
Roma!
CHOP                           CHOP
I'm kitchen staff!
And also...
the store manager here!
I'm looking forward
to a long-lasting relationship.
I-I'm Sakuranomiya Maika!
It's a pleasure to meet you!
What was his appeal about?
Whenever I look at you,
you're just so cute!
Maika-san...
The peace sign! Make the peace sign!
O-Okay.
Get to work!
Peace!
Um, so what should I do first?
Good question. Maika-san, I would like you
to be the sadistic character!
Right, understood.
SADISTIC
Sadistic?
This is a coffee shop
where the workers have characteristics
and interact with customers.
It's similar to a maid or butler café.
Welcome
home,                             Master
Leave it
to me,                            Milady.
Incidentally, I'm the tsundere one.
I-I'm not especially worried or anything!
Tsun... dere?
Will you be able to play
a sadistic character, Maika-chan?
Um, how am I supposed to treat
the customers?
I'd like you to look coldly
at the customers as if they're filth
and verbally abuse them.
But they're customers!
It's fine. Some people love
that kind of treatment.
Oh, here come a couple of customers now.
All right, your first duty, Maika-san!
Um, there are two of us.
Wh-Wh-What should I do?
Sadistic, sadistic...
I know you can do it, Maika-san!
I haven't even heard what this entails yet!
Why? Why?
UGH...
Why have you come here?
Uh...
SHIVER...
I'm sorry!
Um,
as part of the service,
I'll put the ketchup on the rice omelet.
But I'm so nervous
that my hands are shaking!
SHIVER...
Yikes. Should I try to de-escalate?
No, it should be fine.
What have I done?
I just doused customers with ketchup!
OH, NO, I DID SOMETHING BAD...
They're f...
Filthy.
SHIVER                                                                                      SHIVER
SHIVER
- Thank you!
See?
Pig!
Bait
That was awesome!
Yeah, the best!
Thank you for coming!
Please never come back again.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry for being so mean to you!
Please come back again! I'll be waiting!
Um, um...
Was that okay?
FRET
I didn't make the customers mad at me, right?
You were brilliant! Beautiful sadism!
It was great how you looked at them
like they were garbage!
BIG COMPLIMENT
Th-That's supposed to be a compliment, right?
Yeah. As proof, look.
Manager!
cóngratulazióne (noun)
These are words of celebration.
Well, that's the kind of coffee shop this is,
but if it's not for you,
I won't try to force you, Maika-san.
I finally found a job.
There may be no other one.
Besides, they accept me
and the nasty look in my eyes.
U-Um...
I don't know if I'll be any good at this,
but I'll do my very best,
so I look forward to working with you!
Yes! I swear I'll make you happy!
That's a weird response.
U-Um...
Oh, pardon me! It was an impulse.
Um, Manager,
you're from another country, aren't you?
Yes. I'm from Italy.
My dream is to go to another country
one day to study!
And then...
Maybe you were looking for a job, so...
Yes! So I can save up money for that!
You really like foreign countries, huh?
Yes!
I love them!
Manager, she's not referring to you.
I finally found a part-time job!
And now my dream of saving money
to study abroad may come true!
All right, I'll do my best today, too!
Good morning!
Wh-What is this?
SOB SOB
PERCHED
Maika-san, please help me!
I'm being bullied!
CHOP
This is what you deserve, right?
For sleeping on the job.
It's because I didn't get enough sleep
after watching late-night anime!
You should've recorded it
and watched at your leisure.
It's more meaningful
to watch it in real-time!
You have a way with children,
huh, Manager?
Good morning!
Good morning, Kaho-san!
Yeah, good morning!
SOB SOB
Good morning, Mafuyu-san!
So we're working
the same shift today, huh?
Morning.
She works here?
PERCHED
WHACK
YANK
The manager's supervisor, I suppose?
Maika-san!
Hurry!
Okay!
So, you work here, too.
Yes, and you're the newbie.
Right. I'm Sakuranomiya Maika.
I'm Hoshikawa Mafuyu.
Nice to meet you.
An elementary school student?
That's kind of weird.
But they say
kids do grow up fast these days.
I'm a college student.
I can tell what you were thinking.
There's still so much I don't understand
about working here.
Ask me anything.
I will, thank you!
Now you've got two younger sisters, Mafuyu-san!
Younger sisters?
I guess Mafuyu-san's always wanted
a younger sister.
I see, we're younger,
so we're like younger sisters.
A huge younger sister like you doesn't count.
Dress loli style and I'll reconsider.
I'd be too embarrassed!
All right! Let's work it!
Right!
Come to think of it, I wonder
what kind of character Mafuyu-san plays.
Work mode on.
All right!
We have to welcome our older brothers!
Onii-chan, wait for me!
I-Incredible!
Love, love, love...
I have to learn from them
and get into character!
PAT PAT
Maika-san, could you fill up
the whipped cream—
Quit your barking, mongrel.
Mongrel!
S-Sorry.
SLUMP
THUMP THUMP
Manager! I-I'm sorry!
Yay! Welcome home, Onii-chan!
HUMPH
I wasn't waiting for you especially,
but there happen to be empty seats,
so why not grab one?
You're back again?
SCRAPE...
Please sit down, shut up
and don't get in the way.
This has become a lively joint!
Although there seems to be
a surfeit of kindness...
Are they really pleased
with a sadistic character?
I'm always nervous
about upsetting the customers.
If I could be a younger sister character
like Mafuyu-san...
Manager...
Um... O-Onii...
O-nii...
Demon?
Huh?
He's more embarrassed than I thought
about being called "Onii-chan"!
Did I do something bad to Maika-san
to deserve to be called an "demon"?
What are you doing? You're too slow!
Set out the five salad plates now!
After that, wash the dishes
and put 'em away!
You're the demon!
I'm a demon. Like that?
Number 3, pasta, is up!
I finally bought that game I wanted!
Oh, the new monster-hunting game, right?
Monster-hunting?
That's really popular now!
And tons of fun!
I spent 500 hours
playing the previous edition!
Me, too! Me, too!
That reminds me of tonight's...
Um, we didn't order pasta.
Wh-What are you staring at? Idiots!
Huuuh?
I'll just leave the spaghetti here,
so eat it if you want.
This is no good! I have to focus on work!
How do you add friends
with this one again?
Oh. It's this, right?
Is this settings?
Huh? It doesn't work.
Why not?
ITCH ITCH
And it won't go online!
Is this it?
ITCH ITCH ITCH ITCH
You don't come to this café to play games!
S-Sorry!
This thing!
You'll see what I do with your character!
This and this!
I'll connect you to the Internet!
I'll make the character's name "Aaaa"!
Then I'll set it and it's done!
FRIEND ADDED
"Aaaa-san" is now your friend!
As a test, I added myself
as your friend, so be grateful!
When it comes to video games,
I can't help getting fired up!
There's nothing wrong with that.
I like games, too.
You play games, Maika-chan?
Yep!
Like what? RPG? FPS? Otome games?
Online games? Sandbox games?
Othello and hanafuda once in a while.
Oh, is that right?
Analog Maika-san makes me swoon!
Along those lines, here's a game
that's getting rave reviews!
Me and Maika-san's Lovey-Dovey Memorial.
Maika:
"Good morning, Manager!"
Good morning.
I love you!
STILE
Which should I choose?
What was that for?
Sorry. You just got on my nerves.
What kind of game is that?
Where we become friends...
U-Um, you two...
It's okay.
This happens all the time.
Huh?
This is...
I-I-I'm not looking!
I didn't see anything! I'm sorry!
This is just a greeting.
The woman is my aunt.
I was using the photo as a bookmark.
Oh, I see. You're from another country.
That's different from Japanese culture,
so I thought...
I'm so embarrassed!
Maika-san is so innocent!
That's adorable!
That kind of irritates me again.
Yeah.
I'll see you tomorrow!
Right!
Hey, wanna stop at the arcade
on the way home?
I'll go if you get me what I want.
How about you, Maika-chan?
Oh, sure!
As long as we don't stay out too late.
All right, then we've got an arcade date!
Right!
This is my first time at an arcade!
Then let's go to a photo booth
to mark the occasion!
Photo booth?
All right, get ready!
It looks pretty good.
So this is a photo booth...
Your eyes are closed in a couple of these.
Wanna try once more?
I like this one!
Let's dance next!
Dance?
Why don't you do it with me, Maika-chan?
Me?
The only kind of dance
I know is yosakoi!
You can dance yosakoi, huh?
Yay!
GATHER GATHER
BUSTLE BUSTLE
A crowd has formed!
With this many people gathering,
it shows how good Kaho-san is at dancing!
Well, that's part of it.
But this gallery's sights are really set on...
Yeah!
Whoaaa!
That.
Yay!
There!
I got another one!
You're good at this game, Kaho-san.
What can I say? Here you go, Mafuyu-san.
Oh, for me?
Sure! You like these things, right?
Thank you.
This is the one I wanted,
so I'm really happy right now.
C-Cute!
Kaho...
There's one more thing I want you to get.
O-Okay.
This was another fun day!
SAKURANOMIYA
Good for you, Maika!
Yes!
It's been tough since I'm not used to it,
but I'll be okay!
Oh, yeah?
Well, if you ever have any troubles,
you can always come to me for advice.
I'm a high school student now, not a kid!
Good morning, Maika-san.
Oh, good morning...
Oh, that's right!
Good morning.
Maika-san kissed me!
You said it was just a greeting!
SWEETS WITHOUT HONOR
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono, burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?